he really must I mean he shouldn't have
he said none of your national treasure
he should not have allowed you to walk
over those burning no you said it you he
coaches you for like nine hours before
you do it so you're so like you are
wrapped you are ready do you think it
makes a difference mentally you're
mentally ready your feet are still the
ones touching it that's the whole point
it's about your state I say about your
state huh oh no anyways I'm I feel like
my feet would be roasted completely now
they probably would if that's what
you're thinking and what Simoes what's
the most challenging thing about running
a whole television network starting it
from scratch and putting it on well you
know I'm building a network yes and that
is a fascinating experience but the
biggest problem as you might imagine is
coming up with ideas that you think are
going to resonate with the audience that
the audience is gonna like it's what I
thought and that's why I thought I could
help I was being helpful to you yeah I
know what about that I feel as if I feel
like I wasn't heard no it's not that you
weren't hurt you were just so far off
brand well does he now that's the thing
I don't understand I mean you've got a
you've got a new network who knows what
the brand is maybe I'm bringing a whole
new brand into own well I I just didn't
think that what you had to present was
really what I was looking well luckily
there was a camera crew there yeah I was
following you at all times yeah and um
yeah it's on videotape and I thought
maybe we could let the audience decide
whether or not I was on brand for own
okay take a look
jimmy kimmel you startled me
hi how are you it's nice to meet you oh
it's so nice to meet you too I'm looking
forward to hearing your ideas
yeah I'm more of a seats okay thank you
ah
so should I restart right in yes okay um
so you're Network the Oprah Winfrey
Network aka
own yeah I have some show ideas for you
that I think you're gonna like great do
you remember on your old show when you
gave away your favorite things mm-hmm
yeah those were your favorite things
right yeah but now you don't have them
anymore because you gave them away on
this show you take them back remember
our one jumped up and down and screamed
and cried and he gave them all that
stuff
imagine how much they'll cry when you
take it back
I get a car I get a car that's stealing
don't it's not stealing they're your
favorite your Oprah's Favorite Things
your Oprah you're just taking your
things back you know those are bath
beads okay uh so that's no no all right
what else you have
Oh celebrity interviews you've done
those right mm-hmm on this show though
you and I would interview people
together it's called the Jimmy and Oprah
interview Jimmy and Oprah interview we
could take her with the title but here's
what I'm thinking
welcome back Timothy and Rachelle we're
nearly with Jennifer Aniston great again
here do you think it has German to have
anything to see German uh yes it is it's
difficult it can be difficult um yes the
movies called wanderlust uh sorry for
you have been a monkey or a giraffe a
time uh no does it bother you when you
watch read things about my friends that
are not Ross oh good go on
I have no idea what's happening when we
come back just broke up about her hair
how sweaty oh yes it's light it on and
we're going to move on me Gary scared no
thanks her name is not Gary
I think juho's asking questions at the
same time that might be too confusing
well on the view they have like eight
people asking questions a lot that works
let's come back to that one okay this is
for the woman who wants more romance in
her life women want that right so do
okay now imagine the most romantic place
possible the bathroom this show is
called open the door
we'll look Yvonne
really I'm um just saying this I sex
sells and I happen to have a little
something they call it Ms Winfrey I had
the Dalai Lama on line three
timeout coming back you can take that on
oh I can wait he's not really on the
phone she just does that mean she knows
I want to wrap things up anything else
all right
um your book club that was great right
that was a big success mm-hmm but let's
be honest reading is like the most
boring thing in the world
so this show takes your book club and
gives it a twist salient point but have
you thought about this which character
had the most to lose clearly the hero of
this book isn't Scouter Atticus it's Tom
Robinson not Boo Radley did you say boo
Ratley that's funny uh Boo Radley is not
a hero Oprah he's a peripheral character
if anything I beg to differ
oh yeah
when's the last time you actually read
this book Oprah no you didn't do you
actually read them or do you set people
in your club read you guys give me wins
on us have I read To Kill a Mockingbird
Oh
by the pounding pounding them uh thank
you so much for coming no no no no no no
guy I have one more idea I think it's
it's the best one yet okay kind of just
one more please
this better be good okay doctors you
love them right dr. oz dr. Phil and
they're both great but let's be honest
neither one of them is a real doctor
actually they're both so get ready for
an appointment with the best Oprah
doctor yet
hi ladies I'm dr. vajayjay open wide
no well Reena there's one more part give
me the news I got it
two and a half Steadman interesting you
know I was thinking I wanted to pitch an
idea to you I'm all ears
it's called by Jimmy by Jimmy
I like that bye Jimmy no not by Jimmy
it's by Jimmy I'm not following
as in
after all these guns